Document the use of the SensitiveArgument attribute (#173)
WoltLab/docs.woltlab.com: docs/php/exceptions.md

| `ParentClassException` | a class does not extend an expected (parent) class |
| `PermissionDeniedException` | page access without permission, action execution without permission (is shown as http 403 error to the user) |
| `UserInputException` | user input does not pass validation |

## Sensitive Arguments in Stack Traces

Sometimes sensitive values are passed as a function or method argument.

> If the callee throws an Exception these values will be part of the Exception’s stack trace and logged, unless the Exception is caught and ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the callee throws an Exception, these values will be part of the Exception’s stack trace and logged, unless the Exception is caught and ignored.
```

WoltLab Suite will automatically suppress the values of parameters named like they might contain sensitive values, namely arguments matching the regular expression `/(?:^(?:password|passphrase|secret)|(?:Password|Passphrase|Secret))/`.

> If you need to suppress additional arguments from appearing in the stack trace you can add the `\wcf\SensitiveArgument` attribute to such parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to suppress additional arguments from appearing in the stack trace, you can add the `\wcf\SensitiveArgument` attribute to such parameters.
```

> Arguments are only supported as of PHP 8, but interpreted as a comment in lower PHP versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arguments are only supported as of PHP 8 and ignored as a comment in lower PHP versions.
```

> In PHP 7 such arguments will not be suppressed, but the code will continue to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In PHP 7, such arguments will not be suppressed, but the code will continue to work.
```
